{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 stormtrooper pic:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/31kAGIhP3kL.jpg"}}{\fldrslt http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/31kAGIhP3kL.jpg}}\
\
emperor pic:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111022100861/lego/images/3/3a/Palpatine-2010.jpg"}}{\fldrslt http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111022100861/lego/images/3/3a/Palpatine-2010.jpg}}\
\
luke pic:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100824025253/lego/images/f/fb/Luke_Skywalker_Tatooine_New.gif"}}{\fldrslt http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100824025253/lego/images/f/fb/Luke_Skywalker_Tatooine_New.gif}}\
\
I played around with parent/child relationships in Unity and learned that everything in a child's behavior is relative to the parent. So if I make a cube at a certain global position and then make another cube that is the child of the first cube, its origin point will be the same location as the parent cube. That is, if the parent cube is at 100, 100, 100 and I want to put the child cube there too, I'd put the child cube at 0, 0, 0 - NOT 100, 100, 100.  \
  \
This applies to scripts too. I was confused why my child cubes were moving faster than the parent cube. Then I realized they were inheriting the parent cube's script, and then doubling it with their own copy of the script. Once I removed the script component from the child cubes, they moved in sync with the parent. Neat!  \
  \
Timing is really hard! I'm sure there's a more elegant way than what I did, possibly using coroutines.  Also, using deltaTime for precision timing is not entirely reliable. Maybe I just don't understand the concept completely, but there seemed to be some margin of error for when actions occurred, like sometimes they'd occur sooner or later than other instances when I ran it, despite using the same script. Also my sin waves don't always behave the same (sometimes the guys drop into the ground, sometimes not), which I'm guessing is also related to deltaTime. I'd really like to learn how to get the timing the same every instance.  }